Update dbt tutorial with dbt command note (#21226)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/integrations/dbt/using-dbt-with-dagster/set-up-dbt-project.mdx

This will run all the models, seeds, and snapshots in the project and store a set of tables in your DuckDB database.

<Note>
  <strong>Heads up!</strong> For other dbt projects, you may need to run

>   additional command lines before building the project. For instance, a project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  additional commands before building the project. For instance, a project
```
